this is my it support assessment 

Technical Support Fundamentals (IT5010)
Introduction: our Company Name ‘Spring computers’
having its office in Wellington intends to extend our
office site further to Auckland and two other. As an
initial extension management advised to design a
computer network solution for the new office in
Auckland which should be compatible to fundamental
concepts of IT Technical Support with a view of further
development of two more offices.
Requirements: The design should consist of at least
four computers, printer, a software tool to monitor
and manage call logs, customer support and taking
care of communication between sites are secured.
In addition, the design prioritisation system for
handling support calls, the budget should not cross
$20,000.
Networking Topology Suggested : Ring Topology – it is
the best and simple .WE also use it in our school .A ring
network is a network topology in which each node
connects to exactly two other nodes, forming a single
continuous pathway for signals through each node ,
with each node along the way handling every packet.
Handling the support call prioritisation: Range of
factors to consider.
 Problems: Interruptions in service to customers.
 Request: Asking for services that are part of the
HELP DESK’s advertised list of services.
 Questions: Queries about how to perform specific
tasks using technology.
 WORK ITEMS: You have to be able to prioritise work
planned and unplanned, against everything else
going on in your Help Desk.
 Help Desk: Improvement or call elimination
initiatives are usually carried out by the second level
of support. If you are working on the second level of
support, make sure you give call elimination work
the priority it deserves.
 Important : Following the guidelines of ITSM ( IT
SERVICE MANAGEMENT )prioritize the problem into
categories of : 1. LOW
 2 High
 3 Medium and
 4 CRITICAL
These categories will be incorporated into
ticketing system of software purchased to manage
and monitor call logs customer support.
 Securing Communication Channel:
 1. Router having VPN.
 2. Firewall having VPN.
 VPN – meaning virtual Private Networks. Security
Networks are composed of 3 site: Collectively
named – CIA.
 CONFIDENTIALITY: Critical confidential information
of our organisation should not be exposed to any
unauthorised person, whether it is within our
organisation or outside personal in transit of data,
but we have in place barriers to protect data and
ensuring that information is always available 24/7
to the right recipient or recipients as and when
required with utmost integrity.
 INTEGRITY: Data security is the practice of
protecting digital information from unauthorised
access, corruption or theft throughout its entire
lifecycle. It’s a concept that encompasses every
aspect of information security from the physical
security of hardware and storage devices to
administrative and access controls as well as the
logical security of the software applicat
